Defects to the site: Epicentrk.ua
Student tester: Pivtorak Y.
Id - D1
Summary - Write an appeal: fill in the form with incorrect data
Preconditions - Go to the site: epicentrk.ua
Steps:
1. scroll down the page
2. press "write us a message"
3. fill in the application form
Expected results:
Required data fields must be validated and the user notified of the defect
Actual results:
The fields "Name", "Phone" and "Order number" are not valid. The user can also enter an email with one character.
Severity : Minor
Priority : Low
Type: logical
System Environment : Windows 10 Pro 64-bit AMD Athlon II P360 Dual-Core Processor, 8,0GB RAM, AMD Mobility Radeon HD 5000 Series
Attachment:...


Id - D2
Summary - Change of surname in the personal account
Preconditions:
1. Go to the site epicentrk.ua
2. Have a registered user
Steps:
1. Log in to the user's personal account
2. Sign in to the My Data tab
3. Change the last name and click save
Expected results:
The "Last Name" input field should notify the user of an error when the user does not enter any data or enters only one character
Actual results:
The Last Name field allows the user to keep the field blank or enter only one character
Severity: Minor
Priority: Low
Type: Logical
System Environment : Windows 10 Pro 64-bit AMD Athlon II P360 Dual-Core Processor, 8,0GB RAM, AMD Mobility Radeon HD 5000 Series
Attachment:...

Id - D3
Summary - Change of localization while viewing the product
Preconditions: Go to the site epicentrk.ua
Steps:
1. Open the directory
2. Open "Products"
3. Open "Meat and meat products"
4. Open "Meat products"
5. Open "Marinated meat for barbecue"
Expected results:
The language on the site should change according to the chosen localization
Actual results:
There is a cross-localization defect, in Ukrainian product description in Russian, and in Russian product description in Ukrainian
Severity: Major
Priority: Low
Type: Localization
System Environment: Windows 10 Pro 64-bit AMD Athlon II P360 Dual-Core Processor, 8,0GB RAM, AMD Mobility Radeon HD 5000 Series
